Add 'Configuring build export' to the build retentions page (#2001)
buildkite/docs: pages/pipelines/build_retention.md

up to the maximum build retention period your plan offers.

<%= image "builds.png", width: 1404/2, height: 1608/2, alt: "Screenshot of the 'Build' settings" %>

## Configuring build export

> 📘 Enterprise feature
> Build export is only available on an [Enterprise](https://buildkite.com/pricing) plan.

> If you require to keep builds longer than your [Buildkite plan](https://buildkite.com/pricing)
> allows you can setup build export using your private Amazon S3 bucket. Buildkite will export json
> representations of your builds to your private Amazon S3 bucket as they are removed per the build
> retention period for your [Buildkite plan](https://buildkite.com/pricing).

Reviewer: General tightening:

```suggestion
If you need to retain build data beyond the retention period in your [Buildkite plan](https://buildkite.com/pricing), you can have Buildkite export the data to a private Amazon S3 bucket. As build data is removed, Buildkite exports JSON representations of the builds to the Amazon S3 bucket you provide.
```

> Select organization settings
> 
> <%= image "organization-settings.png", alt: "Screenshot of the organization settings button" %>
> 
> From the Organization Settings menu, select Settings under the Pipelines heading
> 
> <%= image "organization-pipeline-settings.png", alt: "Screenshot of the organization pipeline settings" %>
> 
> Then, under the *Export Build Data to S3 pane*, you can input your private Amazon S3 bucket location and
> click *Enable Export*.

Reviewer: I'm on a mission to avoid adding too many screenshots to the docs. We can still use them when they'll really help a user, but I think these could be removed in favor of providing a link to the settings page:

```suggestion
To enable build exports:

1. Navigate to your [organization's pipeline settings](https://buildkite.com/organizations/~/pipeline-settings).
1. In the _Export Build Data to S3_ section, enter the URL for the Amazon S3 bucket to use.
1. Select _Enable Export_.
```

What do you think?
